Issue #799: use self-signed certs for retrieving data from *.cms.va.gov (#10562)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website: certs/README.md

# Self-signed certificates

_For development environment only_

The VA uses self-signed certificates with a non-globally trusted Root Certificate
authority. 

> Used in src/site/stages/build/drupal/api.js line 54 if using the SOCKS proxy:

Reviewer: What do you think about linking directly to the file GitHub?

```suggestion
Used in [the Drupal client](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/master/src/site/stages/build/drupal/api.js)'s `proxyFetch` function when using the SOCKS proxy.
```

It's kind of weird referencing a specific line, though, since this will be out of date when the code gets moved around as changes are made. I recommend not referencing a specific line.

```

> async proxyFetch(url, options = {}) {

Reviewer: This is also liable to get out of date pretty easily. I recommend instead referencing `proxyFetch` (as in the suggestion above) and removing this bit.
